embraces a significant percentage of
your propulsion must come from the
move your legs over your
technique is good the more you'll have to
propulsion and more you will be able
to swim quickly the cycle of the movement of
legs starts with a phase of
Recovery feet and legs his
cards
young people or those flex and the
soles of the feet goes back to the surface of
water with toes pointing to
the rear
at the end of this phase your knees and
ankles must reach an angle
about 90 degrees and your feet have to
to be just above your knees
look at how floret brings back his
feet to her hips with the plant
feet to the surface
his knees these cards is more important
his feet are positioned just at
on top of them try not to spread
knees beyond the natural width
of your body as this generates more than
resistance and makes it more difficult a
good support at the level of the foot
start taking support by turning
feet outward and in
pointing your toes towards the sides of
the pool with the ankles and the
soles of the feet ready to push the water
backwards before florent
performed a leg movement he
turn his feet backwards to
get a good intake of water and gave
then a powerful leg movement
go back to the phase of
propulsion by pushing your feet towards
the back while your legs
lie completely turn your feet
in a circular motion at the end of
movement
try that the soles of your feet are
at the same level and touch each other at the end
of this phase of the movement try to
keep the pressure of the water on your
feet
the orientation of the force must be towards
the back rather than the outside
with a leg movement and 3
last 30 to 45 cm from your movement
of legs are essential because it is
this moment that the greatest propulsion
is acquired
turn your feet so that they get
join at the end of the movement